Remove remaining references to gyb (#1425)
apple/swift-syntax: CodeGeneration/README.md

This directory contains file to generate source code that is part of the SwiftSyntax package. If you are looking to generate Swift code yourself, you might be interested in [SwiftSyntaxBuilder](../Sources/SwiftSyntaxBuilder).

Some source code inside SwiftSyntax is generated using [SwiftSyntaxBuilder](../Sources/SwiftSyntaxBuilder), a Swift library whose purpose is to generate Swift code using Swift itself. This kind of code generation is performed by the Swift package defined in this directory.

This directory is a standalone package that uses a pinned version of SwiftSyntaxBuilder. It is thus NOT using SwiftSyntaxBuilder of the parent directory. This guarantees that when `generate-swiftsyntax` is run, it can't break its own build.

To re-generate the files after changing `CodeGeneration` run the `generate-swiftsyntax` 
target of `CodeGeneration` and pass `path/to/swift-syntax/Sources` as the argument.

On the command line, this would be
```bash
swift run --package-path CodeGeneration generate-swiftsyntax Sources
```

> Or if you open the `CodeGeneration` package in Xcode, you can add the argument using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you open the `CodeGeneration` package in Xcode, you can add the `generate-swift syntax ../Sources` arguments using 
```

This directory contains file to generate source code that is part of the SwiftSyntax package. If you are looking to generate Swift code yourself, you might be interested in [SwiftSyntaxBuilder](../Sources/SwiftSyntaxBuilder).

Some source code inside SwiftSyntax is generated using [SwiftSyntaxBuilder](../Sources/SwiftSyntaxBuilder), a Swift library whose purpose is to generate Swift code using Swift itself. This kind of code generation is performed by the Swift package defined in this directory.

> This directory is a standalone package that uses a pinned version of SwiftSyntaxBuilder. It is thus NOT using SwiftSyntaxBuilder of the parent directory. This guarantees that when `generate-swiftsyntaxbuilder` is run, it can't break its own build.

Reviewer: Looks like this was changed to `generate-swiftsyntax`. That also needs to be updated in all the `generateCopyrightHeader` expressions.

Personally I'd prefer `generate-swift-syntax` :P

Author: Good catch. Done 👍🏽 

As to renaming `generate-swiftsyntax` to `generate-swift-syntax` that would be another PR but I agree.
